扉页
Guillem is an award-winning football author, journalist and presenter who works regularly for BBC Radio 5 Live, LaLiga TV and the American network CBS. In his previous role at Sky Sports he was a key fixture of their Spanish football coverage for over twenty years, known for his regular appearances on Sky Sports News, 'Revista de LaLiga', his punditry work and being the go-to man for anything relating to the Spanish transfer market. He has his own YouTube channel, 1.2m+ followers on social media, his own podcast (Pure Football) and gives Master Classes in journalism at UCFB University in Wembley (London) and the Etihad stadium in Manchester.
Guillem是一位屡获殊荣的足球作家、记者和主持人，常为BBC Radio 5 Live，西甲电视台和美国CBS网络工作。他在过去超过二十年的时间里，通过天空体育专栏‘Revista de LaLiga’在西班牙足球报道中扮演重要角色，是西班牙转会市场任意问题的专家。在他自己的YouTube频道上有1.2m+的粉丝，拥有自己的播客（Pure Football），并且在温布利（伦敦）的UCFB大学和曼彻斯特的伊蒂哈德球场开设新闻学硕士课程。
He wrote the bestselling A Season on the Brink, an insider's account of Liverpool's 2004-05 Champions' League winning campaign. In November 2012, he published the first international biography of Pep Guardiola, based on conversations with him, shortlisted for Football Book of the Year, as were his following four books. As well as two ebooks (diaries of the 2012 European Championships and the 2014 World Cup), he published the Official History of FC Barcelona in the autumn of 2014. In November 2015, he wrote Cristiano Ronaldo, the Biography which won the Football Book of the Year Award at British Sports Book Awards and the Best Football Book of 2016 in Poland. His latest books on Mauricio Pochettino Brave New World - Inside Pochettino's Spurs and Maradona were bestsellers in the UK.
他写了畅销书《A Season on the Brink》，来描述2004-05赛季利物浦获得欧冠冠军的内部信息。2012年十一月，他根据与佩普·瓜迪奥拉的访谈，出版了瓜迪奥拉的第一部国际发行传记，且与之后的四本书都获得了年度足球书籍的提名。2014年秋天，他出版了《Official History of FC Barcelona》，和另外两本电子书（2012年欧洲冠军杯和2014年世界杯记录）。2015年是预约，他著作了《Cristiano Ronaldo, the Biography》荣获了不列颠体育书籍中的足球书籍奖和2016年的波兰最佳足球书籍奖。他最近关于毛里西奥·波切蒂诺的书《Brave New World - Inside Pochettino's Spurs》和《Maradona》是全英最畅销的书。

To My mum who is the strongest person I know
致我的妈妈，我见过最坚强的人。
To Maribel, my good fairy
致Maribel，我的小仙女。
To my dad, still protecting us
致我的爸爸，那个仍在保护我们的人。
